### **Key Takeaways**

1. The United States is consistently shown to have the highest ESG scores even among a diverse range of industry sectors.
2. A trend of developing countries having less renewable energy shares in their total energy consumption due to external factors.
3. Larger and more developed countries are most responsible for the production of harmful emissions.

### **Conclusion**
Let’s start with perspective. First and foremost, there needs to be a level of ‘grace’ that is taken when viewing these results, as we are looking at a very small window into a much larger picture. Although it may be easy to point the finger at more developing countries for not doing their fair share in terms of renewable consumption, there are many factors that may prohibit them from doing so. Economically, they are at a distinct disadvantage, and are not granted the resources that developed countries have on hand. And so socio-economic and political factors of a region must be taken into account when interpreting renewable energy results, especially that in developing countries. 

Much of the information provided within our data sets are central to the United States, and when taking a closer look at the seventy industry sectors that are presented, there is one key finding, the United States consistently is shown to have industry sectors with the highest ESG scores and accordingly the highest ESG ratings as well. While this may be something to celebrate initially, this distribution by ESG scores is not emphasized on a global level. There is clear bias to be found, favoring the Eurocentric perspective, and though this can be useful for us as Americans, it limits our vision to a singular perspective all the while discounting other regions’ industry breakdown by score . Therefore, this observation cannot be viewed as a blanket statement towards other countries’ ESG scores nor discredit the value of their individual score standings as indicative of their own means of achieving sustainability development efforts.

Many developed countries produce more emissions relative to the size of the country than less developed countries, despite having the technology and resources to decrease emissions and turn to more sustainable solutions. Corporations and governments play a huge role in how the environment is impacted. All in all, stricter regulations and a shift towards more sustainable forms of renewability is needed in order to create said change. We as a group are asking the audience to take this into consideration as it cannot only be the citizens who are advocating for change, but there needs to be advocacy seen within government leadership and in Fortune 500 companies. Governments have the power to hold corporations based in their country accountable for their environmental footprint and should consider how these corporations may affect the futures of their citizens and country.
